# Project Explanation 

I wanted to create a python program that was grounded in a practical application to my full-time work. I currently work as an E-Learning Project Administrator. In this role, I work with a large amount of E-Learning courses housed in our LMS which is currently paired with a Qualtrics API integration. Through Qualtrics, we measure our pre and post test scores. Monthly, I create reports of some our of Qualtrics pre and post tests to present to shareholders. This takes a good amount of manual labor/clean-up, so with this project I was hoping to be able to manipulate these CSV files to cut down on some of that manual labor. 

Originally, I had wanted to create a python program that cleaned up the CSV files (delete unnecessary columns, get rid of unnecessary rows, etc.) and added the pre-test and post-test files together. After exploring this a bit, I realized that I needed to get my skills a bit sharper to do all of the things I wanted. So, for the sake of this project, I decided to just work with manipulating/pulling two of the columns: last name and score (arguably the most important) in hopes that after this class I could continue to build my original project. 

As for the process for this project, I feel like I really struggled with writing this code. Now that I've finished it, I feel like it was so simple and wonder how I could have felt that it was so hard to write. 

I feel like the pandemic has impacted me in many ways and I just do not feel like I have had the capacity to learn in the same ways I could prior to the pandemic. I feel distracted and unable to learn new material as quickly as I should be able to. As time has gone on this has gotten slightly better than when the pandemic first hit, but I still feel the lack of concentration and ability to take in new information is prevalent. I hope to continue with learning to code, specifically after this pandemic is over in hopes that these skills will continue to grow. I am happy though, that I was able to produce some code that works (yey!), even if it was not what I originally intended to create.